# testproject

# Procedures for Working with ArcGIS Pro Project-based Assignments

## Task:

Write a new stand-alone Python script based on your previous Exercise5.py scrip that includes the following new features and capabilities:

- This version of your script cannot include the SelectLayerByAttribute tools.  Find another solution to this step that does not require creation of a layer file!
- Uses only 3 local variables – input feature, clip feature, and output table – each of which is defined with user input via the input function
- Prints the messages generated by each geoprocessing tool
- Nests an if-else statement inside a try-except block:
- The if-else statement should check for appropriate licensing level – assume "arcinfo" is required even if it is not.
- The try-except block should trap any geoprocessing errors using the ExecuteError class and print any level 2 severity message (using the format function).
- Cleans up all intermediate data with a for loop.
- Double-check that your script includes a complete header section, uses good commenting, incorporates line spaces between blocks of code, reads input and writes output to current workspace, and is able to overwrite existing output files.

## Required Data and Map(s):
Copy the W:\GEOG\Courses\GEOG728\Exercises\Exercise07 folder on the W: drive (or Exercise07.zip on Canvas) and unpack it in a workspace on your OneDrive account or personal storage media.  This folder is organized as a standard ArcGIS Pro project file with all GIS data stored in the default geodatabase.  Begin the exercise by opening the project file and viewing Map 1.

## Submission Requirements:

Navigate to your GitHub page, sign-in, and create a new repository called Exercise07. Note the URL of your newly created repository (e.g. https://github.com/yourname/Exercise07).  Next, install [GitHub Desktop](https://desktop.github.com/), if not already on your machine. Click on the link to download the  installer.

Open GitHub Desktop and select Clone repository from the File menu.  Either find and select the <code>Exercise07</code> repository you just created or add its URL.  For the local path, select the the location you created when you unpacked the exercise project folder and add <code>\scripts</code>.  Note that when you clone the repository this way, it is cloned into a folder called *scripts* in your our ArcGIS Pro workspace which is where your coding work should be stored.
